Ahmad Shams

11/28/19

CISC3140

HW6 presentation reflection

The presentation I gave overall got a good response from the audience
that was listening to. There were a few things that I need to
address/improve on. One thing I should improve on was the slides. Some
slides were a bit cluttered and I should have either done one of two
things reduce and remove unnecessary information or spread it out into
more slides. Another thing I should improve on was how fast I was
presenting my presentation. I sometimes speak too fast and need to work
on that. I also should have included a bit more video or pictures so
people had an easier time understating instead of having to visualize
everything in their head.

When I gave this presentation, I prepared a lot beforehand because of my
lack of experience giving presentations. One thing I learned is that no
matter how much you practice your presentation when you get up on the
stage and start to give it things are much different. One thing that I
will hopefully do in the future is maybe have some small cards or sticky
notes that can help me get back on track if I don't remember what else
needs to be said. One thing I forgot to account for is how far the
audience would be from the slides I was using to present so next time is

I really appreciate the feedback I got from the audience because I don't
usually present and learning what I am doing wrong and getting a lot of
critiques really helps me improve in giving presentations. The
descriptive description was a lot more helpful then the number rating
because with the number rating you don't really know what you did wrong.
However, the number scores really helped me find the were I was the
weakest in and see how exactly what my problems were and check the
reviews that gave me low scores.I also like how the feedback is mostly
anonymous because it helps people be much more critical for the
presentations because sometimes when it's not anonymous people won\'t be
one hundred percent truthful.

The topic I presented was very interesting to me. I knew a bit about it
before I started researching it for my presentation but when I started
to learn much more about the topic I get really interested in it. I
presented on 5G technology and when I started to learn more about the
uses for it and how its being developed it made me very interested in
learning how I could get more involved in it however that might be a
really tall task because in order to help with the development of new 5G
technology you have to have a good understanding of networks, how they
operate, and much more stuff that might be a little too complex for me
to learn on my own.

There was a lot I learned making this presentation. Being able to
present in front of the class is a great way to improve my speaking
skills as well as improve my technical skills. If you are able to
explain your topic to an audience and they understand it that means you
have a pretty good understanding of your topic that you are talking
about. Looking over some of the feedback on what people learned from my
presentation I can see that they got the more important points that I
was trying to get across. I am also not really comfortable giving
presentations so being able to give a presentation and being able to get
feedback on it was such a huge thing for me because getting feedback is
incredibly hard.
