Microsoft Windows \[Version 10.0.18362.476\] (c) 2019 Microsoft
Corporation. All rights reserved.

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}\>C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}
'C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}' is not
recognized as an internal or external command, operable program or batch
file.

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}\>cd

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}\>cd
C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}\>sqilite3
'sqilite3' is not recognized as an internal or external command,
operable program or batch file.

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}\>sqlite3
SQLite version 3.30.1 2019-10-10 20:19:45 Enter ".help" for usage hints.
Connected to a transient in-memory database. Use ".open FILENAME" to
reopen on a persistent database. sqlite\> schema table1 ...\> ...\>
...\> ...\> ...\> ...\> Error: near "schema": syntax error

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}\>sqlite3
SQLite version 3.30.1 2019-10-10 20:19:45 Enter ".help" for usage hints.
Connected to a transient in-memory database. Use ".open FILENAME" to
reopen on a persistent database. sqlite\> .schema table1 sqlite\> .open
table1 sqlite\> ".open table1" ...\> \^D ...\> Error: near \"".open
table1"\": syntax error

C:`\Users`{=tex}`\Ahmad`{=tex}`\Desktop`{=tex}`\sqlite`{=tex}\>sqlite3
SQLite version 3.30.1 2019-10-10 20:19:45 Enter ".help" for usage hints.
Connected to a transient in-memory database. Use ".open FILENAME" to
reopen on a persistent database. sqlite\> .mode csv sqlite\> .import
0447.csv table5 sqlite\> .schmea table5 Error: unknown command or
invalid arguments: "schmea". Enter ".help" for help sqlite\> .schema
table5 CREATE TABLE table5( "Timestamp" TEXT, "Presentation was well
organized" TEXT, "Speaker spoke clearly and was easy to understand."
TEXT, "Presenter was enthusiastic about the topic." TEXT, "I learned
something new today" TEXT, "What was something new you learned from this
presentation that you didn't know before?" TEXT, "What worked well for
the presentation/presenter?" TEXT, "Suggestions for improvement. What
are some changes would you advise the presenter to make their
presentation more effective?" TEXT, "Additional comments for the
speaker" TEXT ); sqlite\> select \* from tripledata limit 20 ...\> ;
Error: no such table: tripledata sqlite\> select \* from table5 limit 20
...\> ); Error: near ")": syntax error sqlite\> select \* from table5
...\> ; "11/20/2019 14:45:53",5,5,5,5,"Learned about the new coming
technology of 5G speeds that far surpass any data speeds that we have
currently and how the 4 major carriers are implementing new methods in
order to optimize this for the future.","The presenter had a lot of
information associated with his presentation and spoke very well and so
gave an in-depth analysis of the prospects of 5G and what it could do
for the future technologies it will have use for.","Perhaps the
presentation could've been more interactive and featured some real life
examples of how 5G operates in the world today and how that change is
something that is not far but is coming right now in our current
world.",\"\" "11/20/2019 14:49:36",5,5,5,5,"5G is the 5th generation
mobile network. 5G will elevate the mobile network to not only
interconnect people but also interconnect and control machines, object
and devices. How fast will be 5g like. A surgeon can do a surge from the
machine even the doctor are not in the surge room.","Comparison between
4g vs 5g . The uses for 5g, such as self driving cars, Medical,
transferring of patients data much faster some patients data. Gaming.
Google stadia. Cloud streaming service which allows player to play games
without buying a game, just paying the monthly fee","Too fast of speech.
Much of it. I like the power point. Moreover, I am really like the video
of the surge machine from China. Not much Suggestions for improvement.
The only advise for Ahmad is to slow down",n/a "11/20/2019
14:49:41",4,4,3,3,"Learned the improvement of 5G technology. 5G network
offers larger and improved bandwidth. Also the latency decrease should
make transfering time faster. The 5G network can also be used for self
driving cars and offering them better data. Other uses can be better
data and also performing remote surgeries.","His explanations were short
and concise which. His presentation was straight forward and wasnt lost
at all during the presentation. His voice was loud and broad and can
also her him clearly. He discussed pros and cons of the products.","One
thing that the presenter could improve on is not reading from the
slides. I dislike when people read from slides and interacting with the
class was limited. He is always looking atthe slides and I dont feel
like hes talking to me rather ttalking to the screen.",\"\" "11/20/2019
14:49:52",5,5,5,5,"5g latency is 0.001 milliseconds compared to 4g .045,
5g technology will be useful in self driving cars, remote surgeries can
be performed over 5G internet, advanced 5g is 20x faster than current
networks.","interesting uses presented for 5g technology from remote
surgery to self driving cars, good video to show remote surgery being
performed, health concerns about 5g network are interesting as they
effect everyone.","More information on the tech specs of 5g possibly how
it works and is implemented, what phones would support 5g? specific
products that may use 5g ?
\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*\*","Good
presentation!" "11/20/2019 14:50:20",5,5,5,5,"I learned about the
various uses of 5G technology and the technological improvements over
4G. 5G can be used for autonomous driving and help power the software.
The use of 5G in the healthcare industry is really cool enabling remote
surgeries.","I liked how he showed a video explaining the use of 5G in
the medical field enabling remote surgeries that is very accurate. His
presentation was very well researched and detailed in explaining 5G
technology.","I think the presenter should use bullet points to divide
the information on the slides. It was hard to read paragraphs on slides
as he would change the slides fast.",\"\" "11/20/2019
14:52:28",5,5,5,4,"5G is the 5th generation mobile network. 5G provide
speeds up to 10x faster in most cases except Sprint. One use for 5G is
for self driving cars. Self driving cars use hundreds of sensors to make
vehicles faster and smarter. These sensors generate unprecedented
amounts of data. 5G is also used for medical fields. You can transfer
patients data such faster and you can use 5G for remote surgeries. Some
limitations of 5G is the range of the networks is a concern and due to
the fact that they travel at a higher frequency.",\" The presenter was
very enthusiastic about the topic. I enjoyed the use of the video so it
was more interesting to learn about the topic. The presenter looked like
he had a lot of knowledge about the topic and he seemed to really enjoy
talking about the topic. The presenter was loud and clear so I could
hear him clearly and was able to learn a lot. ","There were a few things
that I think the presenter can improve on. I think the presenter talked
a little too fast and went through the slides really quickly so it was
hard to write everything I wanted to write down. The presenter could
have added more videos to enhance the entire presentation. ","\"
"11/20/2019 14:52:39",5,5,5,5,"5G could be useful in medicine,
agriculture, machinery, etc. In medicine, 5G could help surgeons with a
more exact and precise way of conducting surgery. Help self driving cars
get data faster and prevent accidents. In agriculture 5G could help take
care of cows (biodata and geolocation) and other animals that contribute
to the agricultural field.","Ahmad presented on the importance of 5G
internet. I always thought greater internet speed was used for a happier
client base, but his presentation taught me that there are many real
life applications for 5G internet.","Ahmad had a very nice presentation
that had video elements as well as slides containing a lot of
information. One thing that could've been better would be if he spoke a
bit louder and slower so he could be easier to understand. Overall he
presented very well.",\"\" "11/20/2019 14:56:01",5,5,5,5,"I learned
about 5g networks and their benefits to society. Some uses for 5g
networks include gaming, agriculture, health industry. In all these
industries 5G will be able to provide much faster communication whether
its to transfer data or communications between sensors.","The presenter
had nice presentation laid out without having too much information to
process, they also summarized the points in the presentation nicely. The
presenter showed videos that show potential uses of 5G technology like
remote surgeries which put into perspective of why 5G and its fast
networks are needed.","The presenter did a lot of things well, and i
don't have points for which they can improve, they summarized 5G
technology nicely in the amount of time they had to present. they spoke
loud and clear for me to understand.",\"\" "11/20/2019
14:56:41",4,4,4,3,"the speed of 5g compare to 4g is incredibly huge. The
speed is at lest 20 times faster than 4g is a huge advanced in future
networking activities. I am a big fun of gaming, i believe the when 5g
comes that just like presenter said that gaming will also be remote on
the go. I heard a big of huawei trying to enter the US market, but they
was banned by US government.","The visual graph comparison between 4g
and 5g. we can easily understand the difference between 4g and 5g in
term of speed and latency. Also that the video is helpful to demo the 5g
technologies in nutshell. Pretty straightforward presentation, easily to
understand the topic.","I would like to know more about huawei 5g
technology and the conflict they have vs US government. Also I would
like to more specific info about 5g, presenter did not go down depth
into 5g and explain the different signal between 4g and 5g.",\"\"
"11/20/2019 15:08:15",5,4,4,5,"5G is the 5th generation mobile network.
5G will help deliver quick speeds, new levels of performance efficiency
that will empower new user experiences. 5G can provide speeds up to 10x
faster except in Sprint and T-Mobile. Uses for 5g are self-driving cars.
They use hundreds of sensors to make vehicles faster and smarter. They
need to access a lot of information and 5G can help them get that
information much faster.","His presentation was very organized by what
5G is, the difference between 4G and 5G in mobile networks and the
different uses of 5G and its effects, as well as the negative effects of
5G. He also included visual representations of how 5G can help in remote
surgeries. 5G can help doctors perform remote surgeries from thousands
miles away. 5G is very expensive to create and it can also have negative
effects on our health.","Although he knew his presentation very well, he
spoke fast at the beginning, so it was hard to catch up on some of the
information that he was stating. Otherwise, his slides had the most
important information, which I think was helpful for us to understand
the main points.",\"\" "11/20/2019 15:52:22",4,3,4,3,"I learned that
self-driving cars use hundreds of sensors to make vehicles faster and
smarter. Transferring of patients data much faster by using 5G. By using
5G, doctors can do the surrey by the machine and control it form other
place.","He introduced 5G and list the application of 5G, such as
medical, self-driving and gaming. And he also explained how does 5G make
change to our life. He also showed a video about how 5G works in
medical.","He can add more background of 5G and compare with 4G. And he
can talk about why 5g is important and how is 5G technology
developed.",\"\" "11/20/2019 21:40:25",4,4,4,4,"I learn the 5G is the
5th generation mobile network and 5G can help self driving cars use
hundreds of sensors to make vehicles faster and smarter and medical and
transferring of patients data much faster some patients data for the
network system.","Presenter show some of details about the gaming of 5G
and agriculture of 5G, those was releasing a new products cloud data and
sensors in the crops and live stock and farm of future the network
technology of people use in the future.","Presenter should be provide a
little more detail about the 5G technology to change people use the 5G
network speed to control other country can control same time, and should
be give more background image and video in the powerpoint.",\"\"
"11/21/2019 14:07:45",4,4,4,4,"Topic was 5G technology. I learnt what is
5G technology and he compared 4G and 5G and talked about uses of for 5G
technology like self- driving cars, medical reason, gaming, and
agriculture. there is also future of 5G part was on the
presentation.","Uses of 5G technology part was worth to listen. He
talked about self driving cars and medical reasons of using 5G. We
watched video about how Chine uses 5G on medical field. I see on the
video that China launched world's largest 5G network. It was
good.","There is some problems and controversies around 5G and he talked
about health risks. There are concerns that we could get cancer due to
all the radiation the claims that they are going to give us cancer are
still being researched. This part I suppose more important than any
other parts in his presentation. He should have given more information
and broaden the topic.",\"\" "11/21/2019 14:19:33",5,5,5,5,"I learned
that there is a 5th generation mobile network called 5G that is being
deployed and developed across many countries around the world. This
network can also be used for vehicles to be self-driven.","Ahmad clearly
demonstrated both the advantages and disadvantages of using 5G, such as
handling data much faster but with high cost and limitations. He also
compared the differences between 4G and 5G, along with showing an
explanatory video on 5G being used for remote surgery in China.","During
this presentation, Ahmad mentioned a little about 5G being beneficial
for gaming purposes, along with showing a slide on Google Stadia to
serve as an example. Ahmad should also talk about the disadvantages of
Google Stadia as it was described in the slide.",\"\" "11/21/2019
14:57:05",4,5,5,5,"I learnt about 5g technology and how it's going to be
a lot faster than the 4g we have right now. I learnt about latency which
is a delay that takes place during communication. What the comparison
between 4g and 5g amongst various networks. What good used of the 5g
technology would be.","His presentations were put together really well.
He knew how to explain his arguments and used good examples in doing so.
He seems to have good knowledge of the topic. He spoke very clearly and
was able to explain how the 5g technologies would be used in up and
coming technologies.","I would suggest the speaker to make his
presentations more interactive. He could also make better use of videos
and use other mediums to get his points across. I really liked that he
used clear graphs to explain his examples but use of more media for
proper portrayal of examples would have been better.",\"\" sqlite\>
select \* from table5 limit 1 ...\> ; "11/20/2019
14:45:53",5,5,5,5,"Learned about the new coming technology of 5G speeds
that far surpass any data speeds that we have currently and how the 4
major carriers are implementing new methods in order to optimize this
for the future.","The presenter had a lot of information associated with
his presentation and spoke very well and so gave an in-depth analysis of
the prospects of 5G and what it could do for the future technologies it
will have use for.","Perhaps the presentation could've been more
interactive and featured some real life examples of how 5G operates in
the world today and how that change is something that is not far but is
coming right now in our current world.",\"\" sqlite\> select avg(val)
...\> from table5 ...\> where rowid3 ...\> ; Error: no such column: val
sqlite\> max(5) ...\> ; Error: near "max": syntax error sqlite\> max(3)
from table table5 ...\> ; Error: near "max": syntax error sqlite\>
select avg(Presentation was well organized) from table5 ...\> ; Error:
near "was": syntax error sqlite\> select avg(Presentation) from table5
...\> ; Error: no such column: Presentation sqlite\> select
avg(Presentation was well organized) from table5 ...\> ; Error: near
"was": syntax error sqlite\> select avg(Presentation was) from table5
...\> ...\> ; Error: near "was": syntax error sqlite\> select avg(d)
from table5 ...\> ...\> ; Error: no such column: d sqlite\> select avg(I
learned something new today) from table5 ...\> ; Error: near "learned":
syntax error sqlite\> PRAGMA table\_info(table5); 0,Timestamp,TEXT,0,,0
1,"Presentation was well organized",TEXT,0,,0 2,"Speaker spoke clearly
and was easy to understand.",TEXT,0,,0 3,"Presenter was enthusiastic
about the topic.",TEXT,0,,0 4,"I learned something new today",TEXT,0,,0
5,"What was something new you learned from this presentation that you
didn't know before?",TEXT,0,,0 6,"What worked well for the
presentation/presenter?",TEXT,0,,0 7,"Suggestions for improvement. What
are some changes would you advise the presenter to make their
presentation more effective?",TEXT,0,,0 8,"Additional comments for the
speaker",TEXT,0,,0 sqlite\> select avg(3) from table5 ...\> ; 3.0
sqlite\> select avg(1) from table5 ...\> ; 1.0 sqlite\> select avg(2)
from table5 ...\> ; 2.0 sqlite\> select avg(100) from table5 ...\> ;
100.0 sqlite\> select avg(column) from table5 ...\> ; Error: no such
column: column sqlite\> SELECT *, max(1) FROM MyTable; Error: no such
table: MyTable sqlite\> SELECT *, max(1) FROM table5; "11/20/2019
14:45:53",5,5,5,5,"Learned about the new coming technology of 5G speeds
that far surpass any data speeds that we have currently and how the 4
major carriers are implementing new methods in order to optimize this
for the future.","The presenter had a lot of information associated with
his presentation and spoke very well and so gave an in-depth analysis of
the prospects of 5G and what it could do for the future technologies it
will have use for.","Perhaps the presentation could've been more
interactive and featured some real life examples of how 5G operates in
the world today and how that change is something that is not far but is
coming right now in our current world.",\"",1 sqlite\> max(1) from
table5 ...\> l ...\> ; Error: near"max": syntax error sqlite\> max(1)
from table5 ...\> ; Error: near"max": syntax error sqlite\> select
max(1) from table5 ...\> ; 1 sqlite\> select max(1+0) FROM table5; 1
sqlite\> SELECT MAX(1 + 0)FROM table5; 1 sqlite\> select max(speaker
spoke clearly and was easy to understand + 0) from table5; Error:
near"spoke": syntax error sqlite\> select max("Speaker spoke clearly and
was easy to understand."+0) from table5; 5 sqlite\> select
max("Presentation was well organized"+0) from table5; 5 sqlite\> select
max("Presenter was enthusiastic about the topic.") from table5; 5
sqlite\> select max("I learned something new today") from table5; 5
sqlite\> select avg("Speaker spoke clearly and was easy to understand.")
from table5; 4.53333333333333 sqlite\> select avg("Presentation was well
organized") from table5; 4.6 sqlite\> select avg("Presenter was
enthusiastic about the topic.") from table5; 4.53333333333333 sqlite\>
select avg("I learned something new today") from table5; 4.4 sqlite\>
select min("Speaker spoke clearly and was easy to understand.") from
table5; 3 sqlite\> select min("Presentation was well organized") from
table5; 4 sqlite\> select min("Presenter was enthusiastic about the
topic.") from table5; 3 sqlite\> select min("I learned something new
today\") from table5; 3 sqlite\>
